Update bullet chart tutorial (#214)
patternfly/training-scenarios: react-charts/bullet-chart/step5.md

Add a legend to the bullet chart.

1. <strong>Make sure the `App.js` file is still open.</strong>

> 2. <strong>Locate the `<ChartBullet/>` component:</strong>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. <strong>Locate the `<ChartBullet/>` component.</strong>
```

> I will look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will look like this:
```

<pre class="file">
&lt;ChartBullet
  primarySegmentedMeasureData={[{ name: &#39;Measure&#39;, y: 60 }]}
  qualitativeRangeData={[{ name: &#39;Range&#39;, y: 50 }, { name: &#39;Range&#39;, y: 75 }]}
  comparativeWarningMeasureData={[{ name: &#39;Warning&#39;, y: 88 }]}
  maxDomain={{y: 100}}
  height={150}
  width={600}
  constraingToVisibleArea
  labels={({ datum }) =&gt; `${datum.name}: ${datum.y}`}
  padding={{
    bottom: 50,
    left: 150,
    right: 50,
    top: 50
  }}
  title="Text label"
  subTitle="Measure details"
/&gt;
</pre>

> 3. <strong>Add the `legendOrientation` property to the `ChartBullet` component:</strong>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. <strong>Add the `legendOrientation` property to the `ChartBullet` component.</strong>
```

> You will need to set the orientation so that the legend behaves as expected when you add data to it in the final steps (there will be no visible changes yet).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The orientation is set so that the legend behaves as expected when you add data to it in the final steps (there will be no visible changes yet).
```

Author: ```suggestion
Legend orientation is set so that it behaves as expected when you add legend data in the final steps (there will be no visible changes yet).
```

The `legendOrientation` property specifies whether the legend is rendered horizontally or vertically. In this case, it should be horizontal.

<pre class="file" data-target="clipboard">
legendOrientation=&quot;horizontal&quot;
</pre>

> 4. <strong>Add the `legendPosition` property to the `ChartBullet` component:</strong>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. <strong>Add the `legendPosition` property to the `ChartBullet` component.</strong>
```

> 4. <strong>Add the `legendPosition` property to the `ChartBullet` component:</strong>

Reviewer 3: There's a weird tic mark above the paragraph.

![Screen Shot 2019-12-09 at 10 45 04 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17481322/70450028-0114fa00-1a71-11ea-96b3-b7f0a05881a0.png)

> The legend position is set so that it behaves as expected when you add legend data in the final steps (there will be no visible changes yet).```

Reviewer: I think the ``` snuck in at the end

Author: Fixed

> The legend position is set so that it behaves as expected when you add legend data in the final steps (there will be no visible changes yet).```

Author: ```suggestion
The legend position is set so that it behaves as expected when you add legend data in the final steps (there will be no visible changes yet).
```

> You will need to set the position so that the legend behaves as expected when you add data to it the final steps (there will be no visible changes yet).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set the position so that the legend behaves as expected when you add data to it the final steps (there will be no visible changes yet).
```

Author: ```suggestion
The position is set so that the legend behaves as expected when data is added to it the final steps (there will be no visible changes yet).
```

> The `legendPosition` property specifies whether the legend is rendered on the bottom or right of the chart. In this case, it should be at the bottom

Author: ```suggestion
The `legendPosition` property specifies whether the legend is rendered on the bottom or right of the chart. In this case, it should be at the bottom.
```

<pre class="file" data-target="clipboard">
legendPosition=&quot;bottom&quot;
</pre>

> 5. <strong>Add the `primarySegmentedMeasureLegendData` property to the `ChartBullet` component:</strong>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. <strong>Add the `primarySegmentedMeasureLegendData` property to the `ChartBullet` component.</strong>
```

The `primarySegmentedMeasureLegendData` adds legend data to the chart which corresponds to the `primarySegmentedMeasureData` property.

<pre class="file" data-target="clipboard">
primarySegmentedMeasureLegendData={[ { name: &#39;Measure 1&#39; }, { name: &#39;Measure 2&#39; } ]}
</pre>

6. <strong>Add the `qualitativeRangeLegendData` property to the `ChartBullet` component:</strong>

> The `qualitativeRangeLegendData` property adds legend data to the chart which corresponds to teh `qualitativeRangeData` property.

Author: ```suggestion
The `qualitativeRangeLegendData` property adds legend data to the chart which corresponds to the `qualitativeRangeData` property.
```

<pre class="file" data-target="clipboard">
qualitativeRangeLegendData={[{ name: &#39;Range 1&#39; }, { name: &#39;Range 2&#39; }]}
</pre>

> 5. <strong>Add the `comparativeWarningMeasureLegendData` property to the `ChartBullet` component:</strong>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. <strong>Add the `comparativeWarningMeasureLegendData` property to the `ChartBullet` component.</strong>
```
